Then came the sinus problems, Dr put me on Rhinocort. During all this I felt like I was 80 years old. My neck hurt, my hips hurt. We got a $3,000.00 sleep by number bed to relieve the pain. Didn't really help. Insomia was constant. I got hooked on Tylenol PM. I gained a lot of weight. Went to Lindora to loss weight, so I could get off the Lipitor. Lost 40 lbs. Dr said to stay on Lipitor for prevention. This is when I decided to check it out on the internet. When I went back on the Lipitor, about 2 months ago, I had a small drink of wine at a wedding. That night my body aches were so bad, I could hardly stand it. Then two days later I came down with bronhitis, and asthma. I have asthma anyway, but it was the worse case I've had in 13 years. Then I had sinus problems again. My Dr took x-rays for pneumonia and sinus infection, Came back clear. My Dr wanted me to see an ear nose and throat Dr Then my blood pressure went up to 198/90. I have never in my life had high blood pressure. Dr put me on Norvasc. Then I had two horrible nightmares. I finally, went on the internet and looked at side effects for Lipitor. When I saw all the side-effects, I nearly died. I have all the syptoms. I stopped taking Lipitor that instant. That was one week ago. I'm starting feel a little better. I've gone to my Dr and asked him if he new about the alcohol related problem. He said, no. There is no warning on the prescription bottle, to tell you to watch out for a reaction with alcohol. The Dr is now doing tests, to see if there has been any damage to my heart and muscles. I also, asked for physical theraphy for my left shoulder and neck. My left shoulder is almost immobile. I think the tinnitus in my left ear has been caused by the Lipitor. I hope it goes away soon. I also, lost my sense of taste during this whole thing. I would recommend anyone who has experienced any side effects increased by alcohol, to consider an allergic reaction to the drug. Dr was thinking about putting on another Statin drug. I said, don't you get it, I'm allergic to it. . 